Update about.md (#10182)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards/about.md

# [![Braze Learning course]({% image_buster /assets/img/bl_icon3.png %})](https://learning.braze.com/content-cards){: style="float:right;width:120px;border:0;" class="noimgborder"} About Content Cards

> > Content Cards are embedded directly into your app or website so that you can engage users with an experience that feels natural and seamless. They give you more control over your app or website experience, and let you create message inboxes or other custom interfaces, like carousels and tiles, that extend the reach of other channels such as email or push notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Content Cards are embedded directly into your app or website so that you can engage users with an experience that feels natural and seamless. They give you more control over your app or website, letting you create message inboxes and custom interfaces that extend the reach of other channels such as email or push notifications.
```

## How it works

> At their core, Content Cards are actually a payload of data, not what the data looks like. Braze provides template views (e.g., modal, captioned image) to display the Content Card data, which is ultimately what your message looks like.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At their core, Content Cards are actually a payload of data, not what the data looks like. Braze provides different Card Types schema (e.g., Classic, Captioned Image, or Image ) to display the Content Card, which is ultimately what your message looks like.
```

To Align with the Card type
